LICENSE
README.md
__init__.py
atoms.py
calculated_bond_lengths.json
comp_output.py
component.py
config.ini
config.py
const.py
fileIO.py
finders.py
geometry.py
internal_coordinates.py
job_control.py
json_extension.py
new_fileIO.py
oniomatoms.py
orbitals.py
pathway.py
ring.py
setup.py
spectra.py
substituent.py
symmetry.py
AaronTools.egg-info/PKG-INFO
AaronTools.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
AaronTools.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
AaronTools.egg-info/requires.txt
AaronTools.egg-info/top_level.txt
Ligands/ACN.xyz
Ligands/AcAc.xyz
Ligands/Ad-HC5C.xyz
Ligands/BDA.xyz
Ligands/BPE.xyz
Ligands/BPY.xyz
Ligands/BenQuin.xyz
Ligands/BiOX.xyz
Ligands/BiOx_Me.xyz
Ligands/CO.xyz
Ligands/COD.xyz
Ligands/Cp.xyz
Ligands/Cp_star.xyz
Ligands/DMBPY.xyz
Ligands/DMP.xyz
Ligands/DMPE.xyz
Ligands/DPEphos.xyz
Ligands/DPPE.xyz
Ligands/DPPF.xyz
Ligands/DPPP.xyz
Ligands/EDA.xyz
Ligands/IMes.xyz
Ligands/JoshPhos.xyz
Ligands/KASBAI.xyz
Ligands/Mes-NC5C.xyz
Ligands/Milstein.xyz
Ligands/NBD.xyz
Ligands/PHNNP.xyz
Ligands/PIN.xyz
Ligands/PPh3.xyz
Ligands/Paton_DL.xyz
Ligands/Paton_EL.xyz
Ligands/PhBP3.xyz
Ligands/PymdOx.xyz
Ligands/PyrOx.xyz
Ligands/R-BINAP.xyz
Ligands/R-Me-StackPhos.xyz
Ligands/R-Ph-BOX.xyz
Ligands/R-Ph-Mes-NC5C.xyz
Ligands/R-Quinox-AdtBu2.xyz
Ligands/R-Quinox-tBu3.xyz
Ligands/R-SEGPHOS.xyz
Ligands/R-StackPhos.xyz
Ligands/R-iPr-PyBOX.xyz
Ligands/R-pFPh-StackPhos.xyz
Ligands/R-tBu-BOX.xyz
Ligands/RR-BDPP.xyz
Ligands/RR-BPCp.xyz
Ligands/RR-Et-DuPhos.xyz
Ligands/RR-Me-BPE.xyz
Ligands/RR-Me-DuPhos.xyz
Ligands/RR-Me-TBF.xyz
Ligands/RR-Me-iPrPh-NC5C.xyz
Ligands/RR-QuinoxP.xyz
Ligands/RR-iPr-DuPhos.xyz
Ligands/RR-norphos.xyz
Ligands/RRSS-DuanPhos.xyz
Ligands/R_temp.xyz
Ligands/S-BINAP.xyz
Ligands/S-Me-StackPhos.xyz
Ligands/S-Ph-BOX.xyz
Ligands/S-Ph-Mes-NC5C.xyz
Ligands/S-Quinox-AdtBu2.xyz
Ligands/S-Quinox-tBu3.xyz
Ligands/S-SEGPHOS.xyz
Ligands/S-StackPhos.xyz
Ligands/S-iPr-PyBOX.xyz
Ligands/S-pFPh-StackPhos.xyz
Ligands/S-tBu-BOX.xyz
Ligands/SL-J212-1.xyz
Ligands/SL-J212-2.xyz
Ligands/SS-BDPP.xyz
Ligands/SS-BPCp.xyz
Ligands/SS-Et-DuPhos.xyz
Ligands/SS-Me-BPE.xyz
Ligands/SS-Me-DuPhos.xyz
Ligands/SS-Me-TBF.xyz
Ligands/SS-Me-iPrPh-NC5C.xyz
Ligands/SS-QuinoxP.xyz
Ligands/SS-iPr-DuPhos.xyz
Ligands/SS-norphos.xyz
Ligands/SSRR-DuanPhos.xyz
Ligands/TACN.xyz
Ligands/TACN_star.xyz
Ligands/Tp.xyz
Ligands/Xantphos.xyz
Ligands/Xphos.xyz
Ligands/achiral_ligands
Ligands/bi-isoquinoline-NN-dioxide.xyz
Ligands/chiral_ligands
Ligands/dithiolate-4F.xyz
Ligands/iPr-NC3C.xyz
Ligands/iPr-PNPEt.xyz
Ligands/iPrPh-BIP.xyz
Ligands/iPrPh-NC5C.xyz
Ligands/organocatalysts
Ligands/squaramide-iPr.xyz
Ligands/squaramide.xyz
Ligands/tBu-PCP.xyz
Ligands/tBu-PNPPyr.xyz
Rings/benzene.xyz
Rings/cyclohexane.1.xyz
Rings/cyclohexane.xyz
Rings/cyclopentadiene.1.xyz
Rings/cyclopentadiene.2.xyz
Rings/cyclopentadiene.3.xyz
Rings/cyclopentadiene.5.xyz
Rings/cyclopentadiene.6.xyz
Rings/cyclopentadiene.7.xyz
Rings/cyclopentane.1.xyz
Rings/cyclopentane.2.xyz
Rings/cyclopentane.3.xyz
Rings/cyclopentane.4.xyz
Rings/cyclopentane.xyz
Rings/m-pyridine.xyz
Rings/m-tetrahydropyran.1.xyz
Rings/m-tetrahydropyran.xyz
Rings/o-pyridine.xyz
Rings/o-tetrahydropyran.1.xyz
Rings/o-tetrahydropyran.xyz
Substituents/26-F-Ph.xyz
Substituents/35-F-Ph.xyz
Substituents/Ad.xyz
Substituents/BF2.xyz
Substituents/Br.xyz
Substituents/CCH.xyz
Substituents/CF3.xyz
Substituents/CH2Cl.xyz
Substituents/CH2F.xyz
Substituents/CH2OH.xyz
Substituents/CH3.xyz
Substituents/CHCH2.xyz
Substituents/CHCl2.xyz
Substituents/CHF2.xyz
Substituents/CHO.xyz
Substituents/CN.xyz
Substituents/COCH3.xyz
Substituents/CONH2.xyz
Substituents/COOCH3.xyz
Substituents/COOH.xyz
Substituents/Cl.xyz
Substituents/Cy.xyz
Substituents/Et.xyz
Substituents/F.xyz
Substituents/H.xyz
Substituents/I.xyz
Substituents/Me.xyz
Substituents/Mes.xyz
Substituents/NCH3_2.xyz
Substituents/NH2.xyz
Substituents/NHCH3.xyz
Substituents/NHOH.xyz
Substituents/NO.xyz
Substituents/NO2.xyz
Substituents/O.xyz
Substituents/OCF3.xyz
Substituents/OH.xyz
Substituents/OMe.xyz
Substituents/OPO3H2.xyz
Substituents/PO3H2.xyz
Substituents/Ph.xyz
Substituents/SCH3.xyz
Substituents/SH.xyz
Substituents/SiF3.xyz
Substituents/SiH3.xyz
Substituents/SuperMes.xyz
Substituents/guanidino.xyz
Substituents/iPr.xyz
Substituents/subs
Substituents/tBu.xyz
Substituents/triazole_C.xyz
Substituents/triazole_N.xyz
bin/angle.py
bin/averageBuriedVolume.py
bin/averageSterimol.py
bin/bond.py
bin/changeChirality.py
bin/changeElement.py
bin/closeRing.py
bin/combineMonomers.py
bin/condensedFukui.py
bin/coneAngle.py
bin/dihedral.py
bin/fetchMolecule.py
bin/findAtoms.py
bin/follow.py
bin/getCitations.py
bin/getCoordinationComplexes.py
bin/getMonomers.py
bin/grabStatus.py
bin/grabThermo.py
bin/interpolate.py
bin/jobSubmit.py
bin/libaddLigand.py
bin/libaddRing.py
bin/libaddSubstituent.py
bin/ligandSterimol.py
bin/listChanges.py
bin/makeConf.py
bin/makeCrestInput.py
bin/makeInput.py
bin/mapLigand.py
bin/mirror.py
bin/multiSubstitute.py
bin/parsePDF.py
bin/percentVolumeBuried.py
bin/plotAverageIR.py
bin/plotAverageNMR.py
bin/plotAverageUVVis.py
bin/plotIR.py
bin/plotNMR.py
bin/plotUVVis.py
bin/pointGroup.py
bin/printAtomInfo.py
bin/printAtomPairInfo.py
bin/printCube.py
bin/printFreq.py
bin/printFreqBild.py
bin/printInfo.py
bin/printXYZ.py
bin/removeFragment.py
bin/removeSolvent.py
bin/rmsdAlign.py
bin/rotate.py
bin/solidAngle.py
bin/splitStructures.py
bin/stericMap.py
bin/stericMapDifference.py
bin/substituentSterimol.py
bin/substitute.py
bin/symmetrize.py
bin/translate.py
bin/unique.py
coordination_complex/README.txt
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Ma(AA)(AB)(CD)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Ma(AA)(AB)2/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Ma(AA)(AB)2/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Ma(AA)(BB)(AB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Ma(AA)(BB)(CC)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Ma(AA)2(AB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Ma(AA)2(AB)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Ma(AA)2(BB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Ma(AA)2(BB)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Ma(AA)3/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Ma(AA)3/C3_C.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Ma(AA)3/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Ma(AB)(CD)(EF)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Ma(AB)2(CD)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Ma(AB)2(CD)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Ma(AB)3/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Ma(AB)3/C3_C.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Ma(AB)3/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Ma2b(AA)(AB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Ma2b(AA)(AB)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Ma2b(AA)(BB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Ma2b(AA)(BB)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Ma2b(AA)2/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Ma2b(AA)2/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Ma2b(AB)(CD)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Ma2b(AB)2/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Ma2b(AB)2/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Ma2b2c(AA)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Ma2b2c(AA)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Ma2b2c(AB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Ma2b2c(AB)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Ma2b2c2d/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Ma2b2c2d/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Ma2b2cde/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Ma2b2cde/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Ma2bcd(AA)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Ma2bcd(AA)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Ma2bcd(AB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Ma2bcdef/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Ma3(AA)(AB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Ma3(AA)(AB)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Ma3(AA)(BB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Ma3(AA)(BB)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Ma3(AA)2/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Ma3(AA)2/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Ma3(AB)(CD)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Ma3(AB)2/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Ma3(AB)2/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Ma3b2(AA)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Ma3b2(AA)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Ma3b2(AB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Ma3b2(AB)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Ma3b2c2/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Ma3b2c2/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Ma3b2cd/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Ma3b2cd/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Ma3b3c/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Ma3b3c/C3v_C.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Ma3b3c/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Ma3bc(AA)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Ma3bc(AA)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Ma3bc(AB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Ma3bcde/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Ma4b(AA)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Ma4b(AA)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Ma4b(AB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Ma4b(AB)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Ma4b2c/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Ma4b2c/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Ma4b3/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Ma4b3/C3v_C.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Ma4b3/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Ma4bcd/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Ma4bcd/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Ma5(AA)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Ma5(AA)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Ma5(AB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Ma5(AB)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Ma5b2/C1_B.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Ma5b2/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Ma5bc/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Ma5bc/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Ma6b/C3v_B.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Ma6b/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Ma7/C3v_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Mabc(AA)(AB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Mabc(AA)(BB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Mabc(AA)2/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Mabc(AA)2/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Mabc(AB)(CD)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Mabc(AB)2/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Mabc(AB)2/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Mabcde(AA)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Mabcde(AB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped octahedral/Mabcdefg/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma(AA)(AB)(CD)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma(AA)(AB)2/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma(AA)(AB)2/C2_C.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma(AA)(AB)2/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma(AA)(BB)(AB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma(AA)(BB)(AB)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma(AA)(BB)(CC)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma(AA)(BB)(CC)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma(AA)2(AB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma(AA)2(AB)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma(AA)2(BB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma(AA)2(BB)/C2v_C.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma(AA)2(BB)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma(AA)3/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma(AA)3/C2v_B.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma(AA)3/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma(AB)(CD)(EF)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma(AB)2(CD)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma(AB)2(CD)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma(AB)3/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma(AB)3/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma2b(AA)(AB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma2b(AA)(AB)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma2b(AA)(BB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma2b(AA)(BB)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma2b(AA)2/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma2b(AA)2/C2_C.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma2b(AA)2/C2v_C.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma2b(AA)2/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma2b(AB)(CD)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma2b(AB)2/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma2b(AB)2/C2_C.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma2b(AB)2/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma2b2c(AA)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma2b2c(AA)/C2_C.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma2b2c(AA)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma2b2c(AB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma2b2c(AB)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma2b2c2d/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma2b2c2d/C2_C.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma2b2c2d/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma2b2cde/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma2b2cde/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma2bcd(AA)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma2bcd(AA)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma2bcd(AB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma2bcdef/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma3(AA)(AB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma3(AA)(AB)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma3(AA)(BB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma3(AA)(BB)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma3(AA)2/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma3(AA)2/C2_C.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma3(AA)2/C2v_C.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma3(AA)2/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma3(AB)(CD)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma3(AB)2/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma3(AB)2/C2_B.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma3(AB)2/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma3b2(AA)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma3b2(AA)/C2_C.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma3b2(AA)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma3b2(AB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma3b2(AB)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma3b2c2/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma3b2c2/C2_C.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma3b2c2/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma3b2cd/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma3b2cd/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma3b3c/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma3b3c/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma3bc(AA)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma3bc(AA)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma3bc(AB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma3bcde/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma4b(AA)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma4b(AA)/C2v_C.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma4b(AA)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma4b(AB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma4b(AB)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma4b2c/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma4b2c/C2_C.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma4b2c/C2v_D.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma4b2c/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma4b3/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma4b3/C2_C.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma4b3/C2v_D.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma4b3/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma4bcd/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma4bcd/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma5(AA)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma5(AA)/C2v_C.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma5(AA)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma5(AB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma5(AB)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma5b2/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma5b2/C2_C.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma5b2/C2v_D.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma5b2/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma5bc/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma5bc/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma6b/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma6b/C2v_C.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma6b/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Ma7/C2v_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Mabc(AA)(AB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Mabc(AA)(BB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Mabc(AA)(BB)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Mabc(AA)2/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Mabc(AA)2/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Mabc(AB)(CD)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Mabc(AB)2/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Mabc(AB)2/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Mabcde(AA)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Mabcde(AB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/capped trigonal prismatic/Mabcdefg/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/heptagonal/Ma(AA)(AB)(CD)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/heptagonal/Ma(AA)(AB)2/C2v_B.csv
coordination_complex/heptagonal/Ma(AA)(AB)2/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/heptagonal/Ma(AA)(BB)(AB)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/heptagonal/Ma(AA)(BB)(CC)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/heptagonal/Ma(AA)2(AB)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/heptagonal/Ma(AA)2(BB)/C2v_B.csv
coordination_complex/heptagonal/Ma(AA)2(BB)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/heptagonal/Ma(AA)3/C2v_A.csv
coordination_complex/heptagonal/Ma(AB)(CD)(EF)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/heptagonal/Ma(AB)2(CD)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/heptagonal/Ma(AB)3/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/heptagonal/Ma2b(AA)(AB)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/heptagonal/Ma2b(AA)(BB)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/heptagonal/Ma2b(AA)2/C2v_B.csv
coordination_complex/heptagonal/Ma2b(AA)2/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/heptagonal/Ma2b(AB)(CD)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/heptagonal/Ma2b(AB)2/C2v_B.csv
coordination_complex/heptagonal/Ma2b(AB)2/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/heptagonal/Ma2b2c(AA)/C2v_B.csv
coordination_complex/heptagonal/Ma2b2c(AA)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/heptagonal/Ma2b2c(AB)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/heptagonal/Ma2b2c2d/C2v_B.csv
coordination_complex/heptagonal/Ma2b2c2d/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/heptagonal/Ma2b2cde/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/heptagonal/Ma2bcd(AA)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/heptagonal/Ma2bcd(AB)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/heptagonal/Ma2bcdef/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/heptagonal/Ma3(AA)(AB)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/heptagonal/Ma3(AA)(BB)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/heptagonal/Ma3(AA)2/C2v_A.csv
coordination_complex/heptagonal/Ma3(AB)(CD)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/heptagonal/Ma3(AB)2/C2v_A.csv
coordination_complex/heptagonal/Ma3(AB)2/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/heptagonal/Ma3b2(AA)/C2v_B.csv
coordination_complex/heptagonal/Ma3b2(AA)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/heptagonal/Ma3b2(AB)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/heptagonal/Ma3b2c2/C2v_B.csv
coordination_complex/heptagonal/Ma3b2c2/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/heptagonal/Ma3b2cd/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/heptagonal/Ma3b3c/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/heptagonal/Ma3bc(AA)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/heptagonal/Ma3bc(AB)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/heptagonal/Ma3bcde/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/heptagonal/Ma4b(AA)/C2v_B.csv
coordination_complex/heptagonal/Ma4b(AA)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/heptagonal/Ma4b(AB)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/heptagonal/Ma4b2c/C2v_B.csv
coordination_complex/heptagonal/Ma4b2c/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/heptagonal/Ma4b3/C2v_A.csv
coordination_complex/heptagonal/Ma4b3/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/heptagonal/Ma4bcd/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/heptagonal/Ma5(AA)/C2v_A.csv
coordination_complex/heptagonal/Ma5(AB)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/heptagonal/Ma5b2/C2v_A.csv
coordination_complex/heptagonal/Ma5bc/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/heptagonal/Ma6b/C2v_A.csv
coordination_complex/heptagonal/Ma7/D7h_A.csv
coordination_complex/heptagonal/Mabc(AA)(AB)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/heptagonal/Mabc(AA)(BB)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/heptagonal/Mabc(AA)2/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/heptagonal/Mabc(AB)(CD)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/heptagonal/Mabc(AB)2/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/heptagonal/Mabcde(AA)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/heptagonal/Mabcde(AB)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/heptagonal/Mabcdefg/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma(AA)(AB)(CD)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma(AA)(AB)2/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma(AA)(AB)2/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma(AA)(BB)(AB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma(AA)(BB)(CC)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma(AA)2(AB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma(AA)2(AB)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma(AA)2(BB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma(AA)2(BB)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma(AA)3/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma(AA)3/C3v_C.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma(AA)3/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma(AB)(CD)(EF)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma(AB)2(CD)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma(AB)2(CD)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma(AB)3/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma(AB)3/C3_C.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma(AB)3/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma2b(AA)(AB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma2b(AA)(BB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma2b(AA)(BB)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma2b(AA)2/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma2b(AA)2/C2v_C.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma2b(AA)2/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma2b(AB)(CD)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma2b(AB)2/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma2b(AB)2/C2_C.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma2b(AB)2/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma2b2c(AA)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma2b2c(AA)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma2b2c(AB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma2b2c(AB)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma2b2c2d/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma2b2c2d/C2_C.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma2b2c2d/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma2b2cde/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma2b2cde/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma2bcd(AA)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma2bcd(AB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma2bcdef/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma3(AA)(AB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma3(AA)(BB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma3(AA)(BB)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma3(AA)2/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma3(AA)2/C2v_C.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma3(AA)2/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma3(AB)(CD)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma3(AB)2/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma3(AB)2/C2_C.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma3(AB)2/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma3b2(AA)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma3b2(AA)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma3b2(AB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma3b2(AB)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma3b2c2/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma3b2c2/C2_C.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma3b2c2/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma3b2cd/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma3b2cd/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma3b3c/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma3b3c/C3v_C.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma3b3c/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma3bc(AA)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma3bc(AB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma3bcde/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma4b(AA)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma4b(AA)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma4b(AB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma4b(AB)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma4b2c/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma4b2c/C2v_C.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma4b2c/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma4b3/C1_B.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma4b3/C2v_C.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma4b3/C3v_D.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma4b3/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma4bcd/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma4bcd/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma5(AA)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma5(AB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma5(AB)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma5b2/C2v_B.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma5b2/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma5bc/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma5bc/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma6b/C6v_B.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma6b/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Ma7/C6v_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Mabc(AA)(AB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Mabc(AA)(BB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Mabc(AA)2/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Mabc(AA)2/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Mabc(AB)(CD)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Mabc(AB)2/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Mabc(AB)2/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Mabcde(AA)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Mabcde(AB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal pyramidal/Mabcdefg/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal/M(AA)(AB)(CD)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal/M(AA)(AB)2/C2v_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal/M(AA)(AB)2/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal/M(AA)(BB)(AB)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal/M(AA)(BB)(CC)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal/M(AA)2(AB)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal/M(AA)2(BB)/C2v_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal/M(AA)3/D3h_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal/M(AB)(CD)(EF)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal/M(AB)2(CD)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal/M(AB)3/C3h_B.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal/M(AB)3/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal/Ma2(AA)(AB)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal/Ma2(AA)(BB)/C2v_B.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal/Ma2(AA)(BB)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal/Ma2(AA)2/C2v_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal/Ma2(AA)2/D2h_B.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal/Ma2(AB)(CD)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal/Ma2(AB)2/C2h_C.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal/Ma2(AB)2/C2v_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal/Ma2(AB)2/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal/Ma2b2(AA)/C2v_B.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal/Ma2b2(AA)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal/Ma2b2(AB)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal/Ma2b2c2/C2h_C.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal/Ma2b2c2/C2v_B.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal/Ma2b2c2/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal/Ma2b2cd/C2v_B.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal/Ma2b2cd/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal/Ma2bc(AA)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal/Ma2bc(AB)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal/Ma2bcde/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal/Ma3b(AA)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal/Ma3b(AB)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal/Ma3b2c/C2v_B.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal/Ma3b2c/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal/Ma3b3/C2v_B.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal/Ma3b3/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal/Ma3b3/D3h_C.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal/Ma3bcd/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal/Ma4(AA)/C2v_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal/Ma4(AB)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal/Ma4b2/C2v_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal/Ma4b2/D2h_B.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal/Ma4bc/C2v_B.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal/Ma4bc/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal/Ma5b/C2v_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal/Ma6/D6h_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal/Mab(AA)(AB)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal/Mab(AA)(BB)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal/Mab(AA)2/C2v_B.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal/Mab(AA)2/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal/Mab(AB)(CD)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal/Mab(AB)2/C2v_B.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal/Mab(AB)2/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal/Mabcd(AA)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal/Mabcd(AB)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/hexagonal/Mabcdef/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/octahedral/M(AA)(AB)(CD)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/octahedral/M(AA)(AB)2/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/octahedral/M(AA)(AB)2/C2_A.csv
coordination_complex/octahedral/M(AA)(BB)(AB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/octahedral/M(AA)(BB)(CC)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/octahedral/M(AA)2(AB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/octahedral/M(AA)2(BB)/C2_A.csv
coordination_complex/octahedral/M(AA)3/D3_A.csv
coordination_complex/octahedral/M(AB)(CD)(EF)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/octahedral/M(AB)2(CD)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/octahedral/M(AB)3/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/octahedral/M(AB)3/C3_B.csv
coordination_complex/octahedral/Ma2(AA)(AB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/octahedral/Ma2(AA)(AB)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/octahedral/Ma2(AA)(BB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/octahedral/Ma2(AA)(BB)/C2v_B.csv
coordination_complex/octahedral/Ma2(AA)2/C2_A.csv
coordination_complex/octahedral/Ma2(AA)2/D2h_B.csv
coordination_complex/octahedral/Ma2(AB)(CD)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/octahedral/Ma2(AB)(CD)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/octahedral/Ma2(AB)2/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/octahedral/Ma2(AB)2/C2_A.csv
coordination_complex/octahedral/Ma2(AB)2/C2h_B.csv
coordination_complex/octahedral/Ma2(AB)2/C2v_B.csv
coordination_complex/octahedral/Ma2b2(AA)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/octahedral/Ma2b2(AA)/C2v_B.csv
coordination_complex/octahedral/Ma2b2(AB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/octahedral/Ma2b2(AB)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/octahedral/Ma2b2c2/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/octahedral/Ma2b2c2/C2v_B.csv
coordination_complex/octahedral/Ma2b2c2/D2h_C.csv
coordination_complex/octahedral/Ma2b2cd/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/octahedral/Ma2b2cd/C2v_C.csv
coordination_complex/octahedral/Ma2b2cd/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/octahedral/Ma2bc(AA)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/octahedral/Ma2bc(AA)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/octahedral/Ma2bc(AB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/octahedral/Ma2bc(AB)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/octahedral/Ma2bcde/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/octahedral/Ma2bcde/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/octahedral/Ma3b(AA)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/octahedral/Ma3b(AB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/octahedral/Ma3b(AB)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/octahedral/Ma3b2c/C2v_B.csv
coordination_complex/octahedral/Ma3b2c/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/octahedral/Ma3b3/C2v_A.csv
coordination_complex/octahedral/Ma3b3/C3v_B.csv
coordination_complex/octahedral/Ma3bcd/C1_B.csv
coordination_complex/octahedral/Ma3bcd/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/octahedral/Ma4(AA)/C2v_A.csv
coordination_complex/octahedral/Ma4(AB)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/octahedral/Ma4b2/C2v_A.csv
coordination_complex/octahedral/Ma4b2/D4h_B.csv
coordination_complex/octahedral/Ma4bc/C4v_B.csv
coordination_complex/octahedral/Ma4bc/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/octahedral/Ma5b/C4v_A.csv
coordination_complex/octahedral/Ma6/Oh_A.csv
coordination_complex/octahedral/Mab(AA)(AB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/octahedral/Mab(AA)(BB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/octahedral/Mab(AA)(BB)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/octahedral/Mab(AA)2/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/octahedral/Mab(AA)2/C2v_B.csv
coordination_complex/octahedral/Mab(AB)(CD)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/octahedral/Mab(AB)2/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/octahedral/Mab(AB)2/C2_B.csv
coordination_complex/octahedral/Mab(AB)2/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/octahedral/Mabcd(AA)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/octahedral/Mabcd(AB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/octahedral/Mabcdef/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma(AA)(AB)(CD)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma(AA)(AB)2/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma(AA)(AB)2/C2_B.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma(AA)(AB)2/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma(AA)(BB)(AB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma(AA)(BB)(CC)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma(AA)2(AB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma(AA)2(AB)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma(AA)2(BB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma(AA)2(BB)/C2_B.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma(AA)2(BB)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma(AA)3/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma(AA)3/C2_B.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma(AA)3/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma(AB)(CD)(EF)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma(AB)2(CD)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma(AB)2(CD)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma(AB)3/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma(AB)3/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma2b(AA)(AB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma2b(AA)(AB)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma2b(AA)(BB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma2b(AA)(BB)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma2b(AA)2/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma2b(AA)2/C2_B.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma2b(AA)2/C2v_C.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma2b(AA)2/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma2b(AB)(CD)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma2b(AB)(CD)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma2b(AB)2/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma2b(AB)2/C2_B.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma2b(AB)2/C2v_D.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma2b(AB)2/Cs_C.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma2b2c(AA)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma2b2c(AA)/C2v_C.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma2b2c(AA)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma2b2c(AB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma2b2c(AB)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma2b2c2d/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma2b2c2d/C2v_C.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma2b2c2d/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma2b2cde/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma2b2cde/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma2bcd(AA)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma2bcd(AA)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma2bcd(AB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma2bcd(AB)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma2bcdef/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma2bcdef/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma3(AA)(AB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma3(AA)(AB)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma3(AA)(BB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma3(AA)(BB)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma3(AA)2/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma3(AA)2/C2_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma3(AA)2/C2v_C.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma3(AA)2/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma3(AB)(CD)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma3(AB)(CD)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma3(AB)2/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma3(AB)2/C2_B.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma3(AB)2/C2v_C.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma3(AB)2/Cs_C.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma3b2(AA)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma3b2(AA)/C2v_C.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma3b2(AA)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma3b2(AB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma3b2(AB)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma3b2c2/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma3b2c2/C2v_C.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma3b2c2/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma3b2cd/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma3b2cd/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma3b3c/C1_B.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma3b3c/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma3bc(AA)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma3bc(AA)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma3bc(AB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma3bc(AB)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma3bcde/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma3bcde/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma4b(AA)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma4b(AA)/C2v_C.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma4b(AA)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma4b(AB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma4b(AB)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma4b2c/C1_B.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma4b2c/C2v_C.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma4b2c/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma4b3/C2v_B.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma4b3/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma4bcd/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma4bcd/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma5(AA)/C2v_B.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma5(AA)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma5(AB)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma5b2/C2v_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma5b2/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma5b2/D5h_B.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma5bc/C5v_B.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma5bc/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma6b/C2v_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma6b/C5v_B.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Ma7/D5h_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Mabc(AA)(AB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Mabc(AA)(BB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Mabc(AA)2/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Mabc(AA)2/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Mabc(AB)(CD)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Mabc(AB)2/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Mabc(AB)2/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Mabcde(AA)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Mabcde(AB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal bipyramidal/Mabcdefg/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal pyramidal/M(AA)(AB)(CD)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal pyramidal/M(AA)(AB)2/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal pyramidal/M(AA)(AB)2/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal pyramidal/M(AA)(BB)(AB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal pyramidal/M(AA)(BB)(CC)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal pyramidal/M(AA)2(AB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal pyramidal/M(AA)2(AB)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal pyramidal/M(AA)2(BB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal pyramidal/M(AA)2(BB)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal pyramidal/M(AA)3/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal pyramidal/M(AB)(CD)(EF)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal pyramidal/M(AB)2(CD)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal pyramidal/M(AB)2(CD)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal pyramidal/M(AB)3/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal pyramidal/M(AB)3/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal pyramidal/Ma2(AA)(AB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal pyramidal/Ma2(AA)(AB)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal pyramidal/Ma2(AA)(BB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal pyramidal/Ma2(AA)(BB)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal pyramidal/Ma2(AA)2/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal pyramidal/Ma2(AA)2/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal pyramidal/Ma2(AB)(CD)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal pyramidal/Ma2(AB)2/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal pyramidal/Ma2(AB)2/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal pyramidal/Ma2b2(AA)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal pyramidal/Ma2b2(AA)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal pyramidal/Ma2b2(AB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal pyramidal/Ma2b2(AB)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal pyramidal/Ma2b2c2/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal pyramidal/Ma2b2c2/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal pyramidal/Ma2b2cd/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal pyramidal/Ma2b2cd/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal pyramidal/Ma2bc(AA)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal pyramidal/Ma2bc(AA)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal pyramidal/Ma2bc(AB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal pyramidal/Ma2bcde/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal pyramidal/Ma3b(AA)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal pyramidal/Ma3b(AA)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal pyramidal/Ma3b(AB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal pyramidal/Ma3b2c/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal pyramidal/Ma3b2c/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal pyramidal/Ma3b3/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal pyramidal/Ma3bcd/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal pyramidal/Ma4(AA)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal pyramidal/Ma4(AB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal pyramidal/Ma4(AB)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal pyramidal/Ma4b2/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal pyramidal/Ma4bc/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal pyramidal/Ma4bc/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal pyramidal/Ma5b/C5v_B.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal pyramidal/Ma5b/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal pyramidal/Ma6/C5v_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal pyramidal/Mab(AA)(AB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal pyramidal/Mab(AA)(BB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal pyramidal/Mab(AA)2/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal pyramidal/Mab(AA)2/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal pyramidal/Mab(AB)(CD)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal pyramidal/Mab(AB)2/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal pyramidal/Mab(AB)2/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal pyramidal/Mabcd(AA)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal pyramidal/Mabcd(AB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal pyramidal/Mabcdef/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal/Ma(AA)(AB)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal/Ma(AA)(BB)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal/Ma(AA)2/C2v_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal/Ma(AB)(CD)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal/Ma(AB)2/C2v_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal/Ma(AB)2/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal/Ma2b(AA)/C2v_B.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal/Ma2b(AA)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal/Ma2b(AB)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal/Ma2b2c/C2v_B.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal/Ma2b2c/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal/Ma2bcd/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal/Ma3(AA)/C2v_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal/Ma3(AB)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal/Ma3b2/C2v_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal/Ma3bc/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal/Ma4b/C2v_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal/Ma5/D5h_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal/Mabc(AA)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal/Mabc(AB)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/pentagonal/Mabcde/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/seesaw/M(AA)(AB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/seesaw/M(AA)(BB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/seesaw/M(AA)2/C2_A.csv
coordination_complex/seesaw/M(AB)(CD)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/seesaw/M(AB)2/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/seesaw/M(AB)2/C2_A.csv
coordination_complex/seesaw/Ma2(AA)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/seesaw/Ma2(AA)/C2v_B.csv
coordination_complex/seesaw/Ma2(AB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/seesaw/Ma2(AB)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/seesaw/Ma2b2/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/seesaw/Ma2b2/C2v_B.csv
coordination_complex/seesaw/Ma2bc/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/seesaw/Ma2bc/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/seesaw/Ma3b/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/seesaw/Ma4/C2v_A.csv
coordination_complex/seesaw/Mab(AA)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/seesaw/Mab(AA)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/seesaw/Mab(AB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/seesaw/Mabcd/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/square planar/M(AA)(AB)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/square planar/M(AA)(BB)/C2v_A.csv
coordination_complex/square planar/M(AA)2/D2h_A.csv
coordination_complex/square planar/M(AB)(CD)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/square planar/M(AB)2/C2h_A.csv
coordination_complex/square planar/M(AB)2/C2v_A.csv
coordination_complex/square planar/Ma2(AA)/C2v_A.csv
coordination_complex/square planar/Ma2(AB)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/square planar/Ma2b2/C2v_A.csv
coordination_complex/square planar/Ma2b2/D2h_B.csv
coordination_complex/square planar/Ma2bc/C2h_B.csv
coordination_complex/square planar/Ma2bc/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/square planar/Ma3b/C2h_A.csv
coordination_complex/square planar/Ma4/D4h_A.csv
coordination_complex/square planar/Mab(AA)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/square planar/Mab(AB)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/square planar/Mabcd/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/square pyramidal/Ma(AA)(AB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/square pyramidal/Ma(AA)(BB)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/square pyramidal/Ma(AA)2/C2v_A.csv
coordination_complex/square pyramidal/Ma(AB)(CD)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/square pyramidal/Ma(AB)2/C2_A.csv
coordination_complex/square pyramidal/Ma(AB)2/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/square pyramidal/Ma2b(AA)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/square pyramidal/Ma2b(AA)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/square pyramidal/Ma2b(AB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/square pyramidal/Ma2b2c/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/square pyramidal/Ma2b2c/C2v_C.csv
coordination_complex/square pyramidal/Ma2b2c/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/square pyramidal/Ma2bcd/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/square pyramidal/Ma2bcd/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/square pyramidal/Ma3(AA)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/square pyramidal/Ma3(AB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/square pyramidal/Ma3b2/C2v_B.csv
coordination_complex/square pyramidal/Ma3b2/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/square pyramidal/Ma3bc/C1_B.csv
coordination_complex/square pyramidal/Ma3bc/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/square pyramidal/Ma4b/C4v_B.csv
coordination_complex/square pyramidal/Ma4b/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/square pyramidal/Ma5/C4v_A.csv
coordination_complex/square pyramidal/Mabc(AA)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/square pyramidal/Mabc(AB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/square pyramidal/Mabcde/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/tetrahedral/M(AA)(AB)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/tetrahedral/M(AA)(BB)/C2v_A.csv
coordination_complex/tetrahedral/M(AA)2/D2d_A.csv
coordination_complex/tetrahedral/M(AB)(CD)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/tetrahedral/M(AB)2/C2_A.csv
coordination_complex/tetrahedral/Ma2(AA)/C2v_A.csv
coordination_complex/tetrahedral/Ma2(AB)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/tetrahedral/Ma2b2/C2v_A.csv
coordination_complex/tetrahedral/Ma2bc/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/tetrahedral/Ma3b/C3v_A.csv
coordination_complex/tetrahedral/Ma4/Td_A.csv
coordination_complex/tetrahedral/Mab(AA)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/tetrahedral/Mab(AB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/tetrahedral/Mabcd/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal bipyramidal/Ma(AA)(AB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal bipyramidal/Ma(AA)(BB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal bipyramidal/Ma(AA)2/C2_A.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal bipyramidal/Ma(AB)(CD)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal bipyramidal/Ma(AB)2/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal bipyramidal/Ma(AB)2/C2_A.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal bipyramidal/Ma2b(AA)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal bipyramidal/Ma2b(AA)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal bipyramidal/Ma2b(AB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal bipyramidal/Ma2b(AB)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal bipyramidal/Ma2b2c/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal bipyramidal/Ma2b2c/C2v_B.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal bipyramidal/Ma2b2c/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal bipyramidal/Ma2bcd/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal bipyramidal/Ma2bcd/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal bipyramidal/Ma3(AA)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal bipyramidal/Ma3(AB)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal bipyramidal/Ma3b2/C2v_B.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal bipyramidal/Ma3b2/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal bipyramidal/Ma3b2/D3h_C.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal bipyramidal/Ma3bc/C3v_B.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal bipyramidal/Ma3bc/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal bipyramidal/Ma4b/C2v_A.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal bipyramidal/Ma4b/C3v_B.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal bipyramidal/Ma5/D3h_A.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal bipyramidal/Mabc(AA)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal bipyramidal/Mabc(AB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal bipyramidal/Mabcde/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal prismatic/M(AA)(AB)(CD)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal prismatic/M(AA)(AB)2/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal prismatic/M(AA)(AB)2/C2_B.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal prismatic/M(AA)(AB)2/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal prismatic/M(AA)(BB)(AB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal prismatic/M(AA)(BB)(AB)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal prismatic/M(AA)(BB)(CC)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal prismatic/M(AA)2(AB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal prismatic/M(AA)2(AB)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal prismatic/M(AA)2(BB)/C2v_A.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal prismatic/M(AA)2(BB)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal prismatic/M(AA)3/C2v_A.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal prismatic/M(AA)3/D3h_B.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal prismatic/M(AB)(CD)(EF)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal prismatic/M(AB)2(CD)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal prismatic/M(AB)2(CD)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal prismatic/M(AB)3/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal prismatic/M(AB)3/C3v_C.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal prismatic/M(AB)3/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal prismatic/Ma2(AA)(AB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal prismatic/Ma2(AA)(AB)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal prismatic/Ma2(AA)(BB)/C1_B.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal prismatic/Ma2(AA)(BB)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal prismatic/Ma2(AA)2/C2_A.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal prismatic/Ma2(AA)2/C2v_A.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal prismatic/Ma2(AA)2/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal prismatic/Ma2(AB)(CD)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal prismatic/Ma2(AB)2/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal prismatic/Ma2(AB)2/C2_B.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal prismatic/Ma2(AB)2/Cs_C.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal prismatic/Ma2b2(AA)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal prismatic/Ma2b2(AA)/C2_B.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal prismatic/Ma2b2(AA)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal prismatic/Ma2b2(AB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal prismatic/Ma2b2(AB)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal prismatic/Ma2b2c2/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal prismatic/Ma2b2c2/C2_C.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal prismatic/Ma2b2c2/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal prismatic/Ma2b2cd/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal prismatic/Ma2b2cd/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal prismatic/Ma2bc(AA)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal prismatic/Ma2bc(AA)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal prismatic/Ma2bc(AB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal prismatic/Ma2bcde/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal prismatic/Ma3b(AA)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal prismatic/Ma3b(AA)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal prismatic/Ma3b(AB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal prismatic/Ma3b2c/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal prismatic/Ma3b2c/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal prismatic/Ma3b3/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal prismatic/Ma3b3/C3v_C.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal prismatic/Ma3b3/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal prismatic/Ma3bcd/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal prismatic/Ma4(AA)/C2v_B.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal prismatic/Ma4(AA)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal prismatic/Ma4(AB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal prismatic/Ma4(AB)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal prismatic/Ma4b2/C2_A.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal prismatic/Ma4b2/C2v_B.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal prismatic/Ma4b2/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal prismatic/Ma4bc/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal prismatic/Ma4bc/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal prismatic/Ma5b/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal prismatic/Ma6/D3h_A.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal prismatic/Mab(AA)(AB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal prismatic/Mab(AA)(BB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal prismatic/Mab(AA)(BB)/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal prismatic/Mab(AA)2/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal prismatic/Mab(AA)2/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal prismatic/Mab(AB)(CD)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal prismatic/Mab(AB)2/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal prismatic/Mab(AB)2/Cs_B.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal prismatic/Mabcd(AA)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal prismatic/Mabcd(AB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal prismatic/Mabcdef/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal pyramidal/Ma2(AA)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal pyramidal/Ma2(AB)/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal pyramidal/Ma2b2/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal pyramidal/Ma2bc/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal pyramidal/Ma2bc/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal pyramidal/Ma3b/C3v_B.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal pyramidal/Ma3b/Cs_A.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal pyramidal/Ma4/C3v_A.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal pyramidal/Mab(AA)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal pyramidal/Mab(AB)/C1_A.csv
coordination_complex/trigonal pyramidal/Mabcd/C1_A.csv
test/__init__.py
test/aro_test.py
test/test_atoms.py
test/test_cls.py
test/test_comp_output.py
test/test_component.py
test/test_config.py
test/test_fetch.py
test/test_fileIO.py
test/test_finders.py
test/test_geometry.py
test/test_json_extension.py
test/test_oniomatoms.py
test/test_orbitals.py
test/test_pathway.py
test/test_substituent.py
test/test_symmetry.py
test/test_theory.py
test/test_utils.py
test/ref_files/HOH_init.json
test/ref_files/atom.json
test/ref_files/benzene_dimer_ref.xyz
test/ref_files/blank_init.json
test/ref_files/cat.json
test/ref_files/chlorotoluene_180.xyz
test/ref_files/conf_spec.txt
test/ref_files/config_HOH_init.json
test/ref_files/config_blank_init.json
test/ref_files/detect_components.json
test/ref_files/file_io_died.xyz
test/ref_files/file_io_error.xyz
test/ref_files/file_io_normal.xyz
test/ref_files/freq.json
test/ref_files/geometry.json
test/ref_files/lig.json
test/ref_files/lig_map_1.xyz
test/ref_files/lig_map_2.xyz
test/ref_files/lig_map_3.xyz
test/ref_files/lig_map_4.xyz
test/ref_files/lig_map_5.xyz
test/ref_files/lig_map_6.xyz
test/ref_files/lig_map_7.xyz
test/ref_files/log.json
test/ref_files/make_conf_1.xyz
test/ref_files/make_conf_2.xyz
test/ref_files/minimize_torsion.xyz
test/ref_files/naphthalene.xyz
test/ref_files/orca_geom.xyz
test/ref_files/psi4_geom.xyz
test/ref_files/pyrene.xyz
test/ref_files/ring_subs_changes.json
test/ref_files/simple_subs_changes.json
test/ref_files/sub.json
test/ref_files/sub_rotate.xyz
test/ref_files/tetrahydronaphthalene.xyz
test/ref_files/torsion_interpolation.xyz
test/ref_files/vbur.xyz
test/ref_files/vbur2.xyz
test/ref_files/change_chirality_cls/diastereomer-1.xyz
test/ref_files/change_chirality_cls/diastereomer-2.xyz
test/ref_files/change_chirality_cls/diastereomer-3.xyz
test/ref_files/change_chirality_cls/diastereomer-4.xyz
test/ref_files/make_conf_cls/conformer-1.xyz
test/ref_files/make_conf_cls/conformer-2.xyz
test/ref_files/make_conf_cls/conformer-3.xyz
test/ref_files/make_conf_cls/conformer-4.xyz
test/ref_files/make_conf_cls/conformer-5.xyz
test/ref_files/make_conf_cls/conformer-6.xyz
test/ref_files/make_conf_cls/conformer-7.xyz
test/ref_files/make_conf_cls/conformer-8.xyz
test/test_files/5a-sub1.R.ts1.Cf1.3.com
test/test_files/6a2e5am1hex.xyz
test/test_files/C(NO2)4.xyz
test/test_files/COCH3.xyz
test/test_files/Ci.xyz
test/test_files/Et_1-NO2.xyz
test/test_files/HOH.ini
test/test_files/MeOH.xyz
test/test_files/NO2.xyz
test/test_files/R-Quinox-tBu3.xyz
test/test_files/adamantane.xyz
test/test_files/b2plypd3.log
test/test_files/benzene.xyz
test/test_files/benzene_1-NO2_4-Cl.can.xyz
test/test_files/benzene_1-NO2_4-Cl.txt
test/test_files/benzene_1-NO2_4-Cl.xyz
test/test_files/benzene_1-OH_4-Cl.xyz
test/test_files/benzene_1-Ph_4-Cl.xyz
test/test_files/benzene_4-Cl.xyz
test/test_files/benzene_dimer.xyz
test/test_files/benzene_oniom.xyz
test/test_files/blank.ini
test/test_files/bpy.xyz
test/test_files/c3h4.xyz
test/test_files/c5h5.xyz
test/test_files/c60.xyz
test/test_files/ccsd.log
test/test_files/ccsd_t.log
test/test_files/change_dihedral_0.xyz
test/test_files/chiral_centers_1.xyz
test/test_files/chiral_centers_2.xyz
test/test_files/chiral_centers_3.xyz
test/test_files/chiral_centers_4.xyz
test/test_files/chiral_ring.xyz
test/test_files/chiral_ring_mirror.xyz
test/test_files/chlorotoluene.xyz
test/test_files/claisen_ts.xyz
test/test_files/cubane.xyz
test/test_files/cubeamine.xyz
test/test_files/d4h.xyz
test/test_files/died.log
test/test_files/dppe.xyz
test/test_files/error.log
test/test_files/for_loop.ini
test/test_files/formaldehyde.fchk
test/test_files/freq.log
test/test_files/good.crest
test/test_files/h2o.xyz
test/test_files/input.pdb
test/test_files/input.xyz
test/test_files/lig_1.xyz
test/test_files/lig_2.xyz
test/test_files/malonate-3_waters.xyz
test/test_files/methane.xyz
test/test_files/mp2.log
test/test_files/mp4.log
test/test_files/neopentane.xyz
test/test_files/normal.log
test/test_files/opt_constraint.log
test/test_files/opt_normal.log
test/test_files/opt_running.log
test/test_files/orca_geom.out
test/test_files/pd_complex_1.com
test/test_files/pd_complex_2.com
test/test_files/pd_complex_2.xyz
test/test_files/pentane.xyz
test/test_files/pople.out
test/test_files/psi4-test.out
test/test_files/ptco4.xyz
test/test_files/pyridine.xyz
test/test_files/ring_subs.ini
test/test_files/simple_subs.ini
test/test_files/step3.log
test/test_files/structure_suffix.ini
test/test_files/substyle_1.ini
test/test_files/test-route-2.com
test/test_files/test-route.com
test/test_files/test_rmsd_sort1.xyz
test/test_files/test_rmsd_sort2.xyz
test/test_files/theory_1.ini
test/test_files/theory_2.ini
test/test_files/torsion-60.xyz
test/test_files/torsion-90.xyz
test/test_files/urea.xyz
test/test_files/xtb_config.ini
test/test_files/catalysts/org_1.xyz
test/test_files/catalysts/org_tri.xyz
test/test_files/catalysts/tm_multi-lig.xyz
test/test_files/catalysts/tm_single-lig.xyz
test/test_files/ligands/ACN.xyz
test/test_files/ligands/R-Quinox-tBu3.xyz
test/test_files/ligands/S-tBu-BOX.xyz
test/test_files/ligands/squaramide.xyz
theory/__init__.py
theory/basis.py
theory/emp_dispersion.py
theory/grid.py
theory/implicit_solvent.py
theory/job_types.py
theory/method.py
theory/theory.py
theory/valid_basis_sets/gaussian.txt
theory/valid_basis_sets/gaussian_ecp.txt
theory/valid_basis_sets/orca.txt
theory/valid_basis_sets/orca_ecp.txt
theory/valid_basis_sets/psi4.txt
theory/valid_basis_sets/qchem.txt
theory/valid_basis_sets/qchem_ecp.txt
theory/valid_methods/gaussian.txt
theory/valid_methods/orca.txt
theory/valid_methods/psi4.txt
theory/valid_methods/qchem.txt
theory/valid_methods/sqm.txt
theory/valid_methods/xtb.txt
utils/__init__.py
utils/decorators.py
utils/prime_numbers.py
utils/utils.py
utils/quad_grids/Leb110.grid
utils/quad_grids/Leb1454.grid
utils/quad_grids/Leb194.grid
utils/quad_grids/Leb2030.grid
utils/quad_grids/Leb2702.grid
utils/quad_grids/Leb302.grid
utils/quad_grids/Leb5810.grid
utils/quad_grids/Leb590.grid
utils/quad_grids/Leb974.grid
utils/quad_grids/Leg127.grid
utils/quad_grids/Leg20.grid
utils/quad_grids/Leg32.grid
utils/quad_grids/Leg64.grid
utils/quad_grids/Leg75.grid
utils/quad_grids/Leg99.grid
utils/quad_grids/NOTES