LICENSE
MANIFEST.in
README.md
setup.py
taxontabletools2/WFD_tools.py
taxontabletools2/__init__.py
taxontabletools2/__main__.py
taxontabletools2/api_modules.py
taxontabletools2/basic_stats.py
taxontabletools2/default_variables.py
taxontabletools2/diversity_analyses.py
taxontabletools2/load_testing_variables.py
taxontabletools2/ordination_analyses.py
taxontabletools2/read_analyses.py
taxontabletools2/sample_comparison.py
taxontabletools2/start copy.py
taxontabletools2/start.py
taxontabletools2/table_conversion.py
taxontabletools2/table_processing.py
taxontabletools2/taxon_list_export.py
taxontabletools2/taxonomic_composition.py
taxontabletools2/taxontable_conversion.py
taxontabletools2/taxontabletools_2.0.py
taxontabletools2/time_series.py
taxontabletools2/user_preferences.xlsx
taxontabletools2/utilities.py
taxontabletools2 copy/WFD_tools.py
taxontabletools2 copy/__init__.py
taxontabletools2 copy/__main__.py
taxontabletools2 copy/api_modules.py
taxontabletools2 copy/basic_stats.py
taxontabletools2 copy/default_variables.py
taxontabletools2 copy/diversity_analyses.py
taxontabletools2 copy/load_testing_variables.py
taxontabletools2 copy/ordination_analyses.py
taxontabletools2 copy/read_analyses.py
taxontabletools2 copy/sample_comparison.py
taxontabletools2 copy/start copy.py
taxontabletools2 copy/start.py
taxontabletools2 copy/table_conversion.py
taxontabletools2 copy/table_processing.py
taxontabletools2 copy/taxon_list_export.py
taxontabletools2 copy/taxonomic_composition.py
taxontabletools2 copy/taxontabletools_2.0.py
taxontabletools2 copy/time_series.py
taxontabletools2 copy/utilities.py
taxontabletools2.egg-info/PKG-INFO
taxontabletools2.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
taxontabletools2.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
taxontabletools2.egg-info/entry_points.txt
taxontabletools2.egg-info/requires.txt
taxontabletools2.egg-info/top_level.txt
taxontabletools2/WFD_conversion/perlodes_TTT_conversion.xlsx
taxontabletools2/pages/0 Create Taxon Table.py
taxontabletools2/pages/1 Table processing.py
taxontabletools2/pages/2 Table conversion.py
taxontabletools2/pages/3 Sample comparison.py
taxontabletools2/pages/4 Read proportions.py
taxontabletools2/pages/5 Diversity analyses.py
taxontabletools2/pages/6 Ordination analyses.py
taxontabletools2/pages/6 Ordniation analyses.py
taxontabletools2/pages/7 Time series analyses.py
taxontabletools2/pages/8 API modules.py
taxontabletools2/pages/9 WFD conversion.py